learn-2-earn/daily-tokens.md, before:

# 1️⃣ Daily Tokens

## Token Distribution

In our system, users are allocated tokens based on their participation and in app activities. These tokens represent your contribution and can be used for various purposes within our ecosystem. For more information please take a look [Distrubition](../langx-token/token/distibution/) and an [example](../token/distibution/example.md).

[Token distribution](../langx-token/token/distibution/) is calculated at the end of each day. This means all activities and contributions you've made will be accounted for, and tokens will be allocated accordingly after the day has concluded.

### How to Check Your Token Allocation

To see the number of tokens you have been allocated, simply navigate to your profile. Here's how:

1. Log in to your account.
2. Click on the **Profile** menu at the top right corner of the page.
3. Within your profile page, you'll see a section labeled **"Tokens"**.
4. Here, you can view the total amount of tokens that have been allocated to you.

Your token allocation is calculated at the end of each day, adhering to the **UTC +0 timezone**. This ensures a standardized time for all users, regardless of where you are in the world. Any activities and contributions made throughout the day will be accounted for and tokens will be allocated accordingly after the day has concluded. Please check your token balance the following day to see your updated token allocation.

Please note, the update to your token balance reflecting the day's activities will be visible the following day. Check regularly to stay informed on your token allocation.

Commit message:

Add descriptions to connect-wallet.md and daily-tokens.md

learn-2-earn/daily-tokens.md, after:

---
description: Detailed guide on how daily tokens are distributed based on user activities and how to check your token allocation.
---

# 1️⃣ Daily Tokens

## Token Distribution

In our system, users are allocated tokens based on their participation and in app activities. These tokens represent your contribution and can be used for various purposes within our ecosystem. For more information please take a look [Distrubition](../langx-token/token/distibution/) and an [example](../token/distibution/example.md).

[Token distribution](../langx-token/token/distibution/) is calculated at the end of each day. This means all activities and contributions you've made will be accounted for, and tokens will be allocated accordingly after the day has concluded.

### How to Check Your Token Allocation

To see the number of tokens you have been allocated, simply navigate to your profile. Here's how:

1. Log in to your account.
2. Click on the **Profile** menu at the top right corner of the page.
3. Within your profile page, you'll see a section labeled **"Tokens"**.
4. Here, you can view the total amount of tokens that have been allocated to you.

Your token allocation is calculated at the end of each day, adhering to the **UTC +0 timezone**. This ensures a standardized time for all users, regardless of where you are in the world. Any activities and contributions made throughout the day will be accounted for and tokens will be allocated accordingly after the day has concluded. Please check your token balance the following day to see your updated token allocation.

Please note, the update to your token balance reflecting the day's activities will be visible the following day. Check regularly to stay informed on your token allocation.
